Matt final 145 (#617)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-04-24-the-ember-times-issue-145.md

<SAYING-HELLO-IN-YOUR-FAVORITE-LANGUAGE> Emberistas! 🐹

<SOME-INTRO-HERE-TO-KEEP-THEM-SUBSCRIBERS-READING>
Simple drag and drop in Ember Octane 🐺

READMORE

---

## [Simple drag and drop in Ember Octane 🐺](https://dev.to/dgavey/simple-drag-and-drop-in-ember-octane-466i)

> In this tutorial, [Derek Gavey (@dgavey)](https://github.com/dgavey) gives you a straightforward [Ember Octane](https://emberjs.com/editions/octane/) way of making an **HTML drag and drop interface** for your site. The code is minimal and, you can extend it to meet your needs. 

Reviewer: What do you think about linking the article in the text body another time? Some readers tend to miss that the header link is clickable and having the link in the text itself is useful for discovery while reading:

```suggestion
In his [tutorial "Simple Drag and Drop in Ember Octane"](https://dev.to/dgavey/simple-drag-and-drop-in-ember-octane-466i), Ember developer [Derek Gavey (@dgavey)](https://github.com/dgavey) gives you a straightforward [Ember Octane](https://emberjs.com/editions/octane/) way of making an **HTML drag and drop interface** for your site. The code is minimal and, you can extend it to meet your needs. 
```
